[Clang] Produce deterministic hash for anonymous namespaces. (#194542)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- Clang now defines the ``_MSVC_TRADITIONAL`` macro as ``1`` when emulating MSVC
  19.15 (Visual Studio 2017 version 15.8) and later. (#GH47114)
- ``-fmacro-prefix-map=`` (``-ffile-prefix-map=``) now affects an anonymous namespace hash generation

>   for the MSVC targets and allows deterministic symbol mangling for reproducible builds. (#GH194542)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``-fmacro-prefix-map=`` (``-ffile-prefix-map=``) now affects an anonymous namespace hash generation
  for the MSVC targets and allows deterministic symbol mangling for reproducible builds.
```
